because benedict cumberbatch wherever
you go you have very ardent fans orgrim
he said I do by the medium of a gin and
tonic oh that I do yes and somebody saw
a Benedict on location in Boston and
we've got a picture of you on set that
day and so she she saw Benedict and
immediately rushed home and went on to
read it and she goes I saw a Boston
batch because that's your name in Boston
that's an adaptable son yes I suppose
about this morning Barry and a y-shaped
coffin for I am deaded so it's rights
bitches he is fine he was wearing a blue
hat a dark blue polish on the gray pants
in the white shoes he's taller than I
thought I suspected he was about 511
want to be six-foot a bit nuts foot tall
ripped like really much more muscly than
I was expecting and the arm veins were
in full effect popping there's not an
ounce of fat on that man it's all muscle
sinuan wholesome goodness the hat looks
better in real life I think
whoa I couldn't smell him I really tried
he was so close that had he been wearing
Cologne I think I would have been able
to tell just the lightest cumber musk in
the bottle
[Applause]
my musk in your general direction
[Music]
you